## comedy?

I need to start listening to or watching some more comedy. I mean outstanding comedy, even doing some comedy myself.

Now, I understand that sometimes it is healthy to be sad. You know, you should only be happy sometimes. Okay, okay, that sounds weird; I mean you should not be happy all the time (or happy too much). 

But hear me out here. Today, I have been miserable. I have been sick with a cold; I am angry with the world and everything around me. I just wanted to vent and all whatnot.

Fortunately for me, I think, "Dude, the state you are in now, both physically and mentally, you probably should not go out anywhere. Stay inside, stay alone, calm down, do your work, think, and have a chill day."

So I am inside, sad, my nose is running like a tap, and my body shifts from cold to hot to cold (It's a rollercoaster). It is just a mess. To worsen the situation, I have a shit ton of work that I have procrastinated on, so my mind is racing on how I will complete it. It is a sad time.

I am also overthinking everything that has happened recently, so I am trying to calm down. Like legitimately trying to calm down. I try breathing exercises, try positive affirmations, "You can handle this, you can handle this..." I listen to podcasts to music, even order food and go for a walk to pick it up.

Can you imagine this? And then in the evening, I listen to some excellent comedy. I am laughing my heart out, smiling, and having a good time.

I suddenly feel motivated to do my work more, and I even remember having a girlfriend. So I call her and query her for ignoring her sick boyfriend the entire day. Damn, it was all the comedy.

Comedy saved my day.

Now that I have rolled in laughter. I still have a lot of work to do, so I must run now. There's this big party tomorrow; I am trying to finish my work so I can go and dance.
